docs: Rework the Authentication core and platform pages for 4.0 (#728)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/04-authentication/02-setup.md

  await pod.start();
}
```

> The pepper in the example is a secret string mixed into values before they are hashed. The [storing secrets](#storing-secrets) section explains peppers and where to keep them.

Reviewer: Pepper is defined here and again at line 138 in nearly the same words. This one already links to Storing secrets, so it can drop the definition and keep the pointer.

export SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_jwtRefreshTokenHashPepper='your-refresh-token-pepper-here'
export SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_jwtHmacSha512PrivateKey='your-private-key-here'
export SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_emailSecretHashPepper='your-email-pepper-here'
export SERVERPOD_PASSWORD_googleClientSecret='{"web":{"client_id":"...","client_secret":"...","redirect_uris":["..."]}}'
# ... other secrets
```

:::info

> Builders that need secrets have a `FromPasswords` variant that reads them from well-known key names, so you do not need to call `pod.getPassword()` yourself. Any other configuration options are still passed as parameters. The examples below are a few of them:

Reviewer: "The examples below are a few of them" is vague about what "them" is. "For example:" says the same thing.

### Web callback page (`auth.html`)

:::note
You only need this if your app targets the **web** platform and uses an identity provider that signs the user in through an OAuth2 redirect. That includes **GitHub**, **Microsoft**, **Google** on web, and custom OAuth2-based providers. Skip this section if your app does not target web, or if it only uses email, anonymous, passkey, Apple, Facebook, or Firebase sign-in.
:::

When the user finishes signing in at the provider's page (for example, `accounts.google.com`), the provider redirects the browser to a URL on your site with the sign-in result attached. Your Flutter app cannot receive that redirect directly because the browser navigates fully away from it. The `auth.html` file is a small static page that catches the redirect, reads the result, and hands it back to your running Flutter app through `postMessage` (or `localStorage`, depending on how the sign-in was launched).

You create one `auth.html` and share it across every identity provider that needs it.

> You have two ways to deliver it. If Serverpod also serves your Flutter web app, register the `FlutterWebAuth2CallbackRoute` from `serverpod_auth_idp_server` on your web server and point the provider at that route. The page hands the result back with `postMessage` aimed at its own origin, so the browser only delivers it when your app is served from the same origin (same scheme, host, and port). Otherwise, host the file yourself: in your Flutter project's `web/` folder, add a file named `auth.html` with this content, which is identical to what the route serves:

Reviewer: Both options, the same-origin constraint and the code lead-in sit in one paragraph, and the closing colon only introduces the second option. Splitting reads better:

```suggestion
You have two ways to deliver it.

If Serverpod serves your Flutter web app, register the `FlutterWebAuth2CallbackRoute` from `serverpod_auth_idp_server` on your web server and point the provider at that route. The page posts the result back to its own origin, so the browser only delivers it when your app is served from that same origin (same scheme, host, and port).

Otherwise, host the file yourself. In your Flutter project's `web/` folder, add a file named `auth.html` with this content, which is identical to what the route serves:
```
